Small typo fix, new links to select & connect. (#95)
BioPhoton/rx-angular: libs/state/docs/snippets/behavior-subject-vs-rx-state.md

  tasks$ = this.state.select("tasks");
```

> Visually it looks the same but select operator allows lot more possibilities than just passing keys. You can read about it [here](https://github.com/BioPhoton/rx-angular/blob/master/libs/state/docs/api/rx-state.md#select). Also selection will be cached, distinct and undefined values will be filtered out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visually it looks the same but the select operator provides a lot more than just passing keys. You can read about it [here](https://github.com/BioPhoton/rx-angular/blob/master/libs/state/docs/api/rx-state.md#select). Also selection will be shareReplayed, distincted and undefined values will be filtered out.
```

  }
```

> Note that we removed `withLatestFrom(this.tasks$)` and using different approach with `connect`. First we tell to what field updates should be applied to, after that goes source of updates and the last one is `projectionFunction`. In this funciton first argument is our current state, second one is a value from our source. More on possible `connect` variants [here](https://github.com/BioPhoton/rx-angular/blob/master/libs/state/docs/api/rx-state.md#connect).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that we removed `withLatestFrom(this.tasks$)` in favor of the `projectionFunction` in `connect`.
First we define fields to be updated, then the source of the changes and lastly we provide the `projectionFunction`.
The functions' first first argument is the current state, the second is the change coming from our source. More on possible `connect` variants [here](https://github.com/BioPhoton/rx-angular/blob/master/libs/state/docs/api/rx-state.md#connect).
```
